Originally, the two of them had been together for a long time.
No wonder he speaks for her like this.
Oops, the relationship between wealthy families is really complicated.
Come here, come here, come here, come here, come here.
Okay, just look at this.
You will have to pay for the next thing.
Do you have anything else to say?
Fake, that is a video that was not synthesized by humans.
Not true.
The figure and face are the same, so it can all be faked.
It’s fake. It’s like this. Who are you kidding? Right? Miracle doctor, wait a minute.
I am a fair person
You just framed my wife for beating you
You're quite drunk
Even so
what did you say
Be your person